It's Friday, you ain't got no job, you ain't got shit to do.
I know you don't smoke weed. I know this. But I'mma get you high today.
The fuck you stealing boxes for? What you trying to build, a clubhouse?
Make it enough.
What's up Big Perm -- I mean Big Worm?
Florida Evans-looking motherfucker.
Hey, Smokey back here takin' a shit!
How the hell you gonna get fired on your day off?
You got knocked the fuck out!
Bye, Felicia.
I was in Deebo chicken coop sweatin' like a slave.
First of all, don't be callin' here like you some straight up G, 'cause I'll cut your balls off and hand 'em to you, partner.
Playing with my money is like playing with my emotions.
The next thing I know, I was runnin' down the street in my damn drawers.
The fuck that gotta do wit' me?
Y'all ain't never got two things that match. Kool-aid, no sugar. Peanut butter, no jelly. Ham, no burger. Damn.
I got mind control over Deebo. He be like "Shut the fuck up." I be quiet. But when he leave, I be talking again.
Puff puff, give. Puff puff, give. You fuckin' up the rotation.
Well round here, between Normandie and Western, we call this here a little twenny twen twennnnnn.
Are you prepared for Jehovah's return? 'Cause if you not, we've got a pamph .... Well fuck you. Half-dead motherfucker. C'mon, sister.
All the chitlins. All the pig's feet. All the collard greens. All the hog maws. I want some of them chitlins. I like pig's feet.
Lord have mercy! God is my shepherd, he know what I want!
My neck! My back! My neck and my back! I'mma sue y'all for $150,000 -- but we can settle out of court right now for twenty bucks.
Don't nobody go in the bathroom for about 35, 45 minutes.
Now your father -- he got game.
Why don't you tell your daddy to comb his damn hair, look like some spiders is having a meetin' on his head.
I done smelled your shit for 22 years. You can smell mine for five minutes.
My grandmama gave me that chain.
Can I borrow y'all VCR? I need to dub a tape.
I grab a dog, and I choke him, and I kick the shit out of him! All day long, my foot up a dog's ass! Just bang-bang-bang up his ass!
Damn, Smoke, don't be banging on the door like you the damn po-lice.